Subtitle Segmentation 1: {start words: "what is going on guys", end words: "look of the car just a tiny bit"}
Subtitle Segmentation 2: {start words: "so I'm gonna go ahead", end words: "get rid of them soon"}
Subtitle Segmentation 3: {start words: "so they're just gonna spray", end words: "it's gonna work"}
Subtitle Segmentation 4: {start words: "now I'm not going to", end words: "and get started"}
Subtitle Segmentation 5: {start words: "one more thing I'm missing", end words: "15% off your order"}
Subtitle Segmentation 6: {start words: "so no unit some agitation", end words: "revive the suspension up a little bit"}
Subtitle Segmentation 7: {start words: "and as you can see", end words: "get it looking better"}
Subtitle Segmentation 8: {start words: "at the new sway bar", end words: "it wasn't worth it in my opinion"}
Subtitle Segmentation 9: {start words: "pressure just one with OEM", end words: "stuff like that"}
Subtitle Segmentation 10: {start words: "I'm just gonna get this", end words: "they did before"}
Subtitle Segmentation 11: {start words: "so let me go ahead", end words: "enjoy the time-lapse"}
Subtitle Segmentation 12: {start words: "okay then oh that should", end words: "content"}
Subtitle Segmentation 13: {start words: "okay so since I let", end words: "so much better"}
Subtitle Segmentation 14: {start words: "I do the same thing", end words: "that's basically it"}
Subtitle Segmentation 15: {start words: "and this video is gonna", end words: "another show comes ahead"}
Subtitle Segmentation 16: {start words: "but I definitely am gonna", end words: "enhance the look of this car a little bit"}
Subtitle Segmentation 17: {start words: "man I'm seriously regretting selling", end words: "I need a mortgage back"}
Subtitle Segmentation 18: {start words: "definitely definitely need to get", end words: "a couple minutes ago"}

Visual Key Event 1(non-visual): The speaker expresses his intention to clean up the suspension of his car, focusing on the front part.
Visual Key Event 2(visual): The speaker begins the cleaning process by spraying down the suspension and using a wheel cleaner and a microfiber cloth.
Visual Key Event 3(visual): The speaker sprays the inner liner of the car, which is already lifted from a previous operation.
Visual Key Event 4(non-visual): The speaker decides not to remove the wheel for the cleaning process, focusing on the springs and the fender liner.
Visual Key Event 5(non-visual): The speaker uses a specific cleaning product and sprays it down.
Visual Key Event 6(visual): The speaker uses a degreaser and a professional base cleaner to clean the suspension.
Visual Key Event 7(visual): The speaker wipes down the suspension, noting the remaining contamination.
Visual Key Event 8(non-visual): The speaker discusses his decision to replace the sway bars and end links on his car.
Visual Key Event 9(non-visual): The speaker advises not to worry about getting the suspension wet during the cleaning process, but to be careful not to scrub too hard on certain parts.
Visual Key Event 10(visual): The speaker gives the suspension a second wipe down and dries it up, noting the improvement in its appearance.
Visual Key Event 11(visual): The speaker proceeds to clean the other side of the car, showing a time-lapse of the process.
Visual Key Event 12(non-visual): The speaker lets the car dry for a few minutes and plans to check the height of the suspension.
Visual Key Event 13(visual): The speaker uses a trim detailer to dress up the trim of the car, noting the improvement in its appearance.
Visual Key Event 14(visual): The speaker repeats the process on the other side of the car, noting that some parts are broken.
Visual Key Event 15(non-visual): The speaker concludes the cleaning process, noting that the car looks better and is ready for any upcoming shows.
Visual Key Event 16(non-visual): The speaker discusses his plans to get new wheels for the car to enhance its look.
Visual Key Event 17(non-visual): The speaker expresses regret over selling his previous wheels and considers getting another set.
Visual Key Event 18(visual): The speaker concludes the video, noting that the car looks much better after the cleaning process.

Classification:
Good.