Visual Key Event 2(visual): The speaker shows his collection of pull tabs, large iron items, keys, and scrap metal, including brass and aluminum.
Visual Key Event 3(visual): The speaker presents his collection of gold and silver items, including a 1954 Gold class ring, silver chains, and rings.
Visual Key Event 4(visual): The speaker displays his collection of silver coins, including war nickels, Washington's, Rosie's, mercs, barbers, and Canadian Silver's.
Visual Key Event 5(visual): The speaker shows his collection of U.S. coinage, including wheats, Jeffersons, buffaloes, V Nickels, presidentials, and a clipped planchet 66 Memorial.
Visual Key Event 6(visual): The speaker presents his collection of foreign coins, including a George the fifth 1915 large cent and a Japanese cash coin from the 1700s.
Visual Key Event 7(visual): The speaker displays his collection of tokens, including good for tokens, transit tokens, play money, and Washington state tax tokens.
Visual Key Event 8(visual): The speaker shows his military finds, including buttons, a Northwest Mounted Police badge, a quartermaster Corps hat badge, a rifleman horn, a veterinarian Corps, a Marine Lance Corporal pin, and a World War one horse bridle rosette.
Visual Key Event 9(visual): The speaker presents his collection of bullets, including a full stripper clip of 3003 paper bullet blanks, a World War one military tent rope tensioner, and a pile of 45 70s.
Visual Key Event 10(visual): The speaker shows his collection of relics, including musical instrument pieces, an 1800 opium pipe, a novelty mandolin tape measure, hem weights, lock things, pocket knives, buckles, pins, cuff links, jewelry, Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts items, and non-military buttons.
Visual Key Event 11(visual): The speaker displays his collection of dog tags, presidential campaign items, junk rings, and toys, including cap guns, motorcycles, lead soldiers, marbles, a toy pipe, Monopoly pieces, a Cinderella plate, a toy 3-ball, a Boy Scout piggy bank, a porcelain rocking horse, Tootsie toys, and junk cars.
